our insurance Seattle hey there Tony
Schultz comin atcha integrity insurance
and financial today I want to answer the
question how do insurance companies set
my rate well insurance companies are in
the risk business and basically they
know that the average driver has an
accident every 17.9 years they know that
the average cost of repairing a car is
about two thousand four hundred and
twenty-six dollars according to some of
the insurance information I've read up
on so they price its policy to pay for
that accident long before you have it
plus it's a little profit for them of
course everything that causes you to
deviate from the average changes your
rate what makes you worse for the risk
to them is everything from your age
gender boys are more risky than girls
unfortunately if you have young kids
young 16 year old boys are a lot more
expensive than young 16 year old girls
you're driving history the type of car
you have where you park how far you
drive from to work everything to your
profession whether your student good
grades your marital status and your
credit report so those are some of the
factors that go into rating you this is
just a helpful tip and if you want more
tips like this please go to my website
Seattle insurance quotes net that's
Seattle insurance quotes net and
hopefully you guys enjoy this tip and
you can get some more there under the
blog section you guys have a great day
and be safe car insurance Seattle thing
call 2069 496 00 to